good afternoon Hello, I am from Ukraine, the
city of Khmelnitsky, a high city in Russia,
in the city of Lugansk, which is in Russia or
which in Ukraine, which is in Russia, well,
which is in Russia, or which are in the
occupied part of Ukraine, which are
now considered
occupied I know that there is a new
subject I understand everything, yes, look  You yourself are
from Russia You came from Lugansk or Lugansk is
cool super I like to meet the indigenous
inhabitants of the city of Donetsk city you can
tell me because they hide from us
so it's all I kind of tend to trust
more people who the indigenous people
can tell when the
hostilities began in Luhansk in 2014
I can’t say the exact date because
I don’t remember for almost two years now
how old you are now I’m 30 30 That is,
you were basically 22, that is,
[music]
I’m just just interested in me,
see here to how much I understand this
situation Before  how Russian shooters
did not come, wait, did not come to Ukraine on April 12
and did not begin to seize the mountains
I can’t remember any hostilities Yes, I
can’t remember any
hostilities can you tell me What
hostilities were, for example, your Luhansk
until April 12, I
just recently found out I didn’t know about
their existence at all if
it’s already here they have already started to
inflate this topic on the Internet  Only recently,
well, as I saw questions here, where
when, how much,
I can personally say because what I
personally saw on 1 air bombs were
dropped. What date are
you talking about? I’m talking about dates, I don’t remember what they
say there  Lugansk, this is
already June 2, the war needs to be phoned to a
military expert who, according to the dates, also
seems to be Expert
Well, let you stay there Expert, I didn’t
fight, I’m not an Expert in this, so here
I am as an Expert of
the side that I support,
you can really tell me  a resident of
Lugansk Because when
I meet I go with a notebook every number You must
remember you look You remember when
he started I need to remember when Ukraine started
but to fire at you Okay, in short, look at this full-time Propaganda for all people from Russia who poured their ears there Ukraine for 8 years Bombed bombass And so on you can’t shoot at you to kill Yes, even I found out about Strelkov in short, only recently in 2014, but only stupid yes, I didn’t know about the capture of Slavyansk by militants, the Donetsk and Luhansk regions began And what’s most interesting Yes, we’ll be back, now the most interesting thing has begun is who unleashed them Yes, it turns out it’s not the Kyiv evil regime that came and killed some Luhansk citizens there, but some Russian ones terrorists before and all these Cossacks and FSB officers, and even personnel wars, they climbed there and started  seize
Ukrainian authorities kill
Ukrainian citizens
first victims Yes from hostilities from
capturing Gorlovka a
Khrenovite deputy was killed they cut open his stomach
and threw it into the river so you can
see it
we can say for sure April 15 or 16
[music]
That's when we say Yes guys That's
cool  Yes, you are from Lugansk Tell us
Yes, when did the Bloody Pastor start Yes, there is a
povastre and that’s all and that’s where it all
ends because none of them
can say And when did
Ukraine really start killing the people of Donbass
they always 2014 Russia came
here made war and that’s all  the events of this
war are written off because it is Ukraine that is
bombing its population in short. Yes, if
there are hostilities with
these Russian hybrid troops, then of course there are
hostilities Yes, and people are dying from both
sides Well, the problem is that the
hostilities are due to the fact that
Russia  got in here before she
got in here No one killed anyone at all
in the same Lugansk absolutely  fiercely Peaceful life was absolutely until these terrorist and Russian troops entered the territory of Ukraine began to commit atrocities everything was fine this Lugansk Thank you Boy you gave us one more confirmation for everyone for all people from Russia who have not yet thrown themselves off this veil of propaganda who think what to give to ask specific Lugandonians Yes, because they should be called normal people sit there and wait for the Ukrainian authorities to come in order to restore order And this marauders served as a policeman there, you need to ask them and tell them when when and where here the first combat here we can Hitler attacked the USSR on June 22 at exactly 4 o’clock and so on Kyiv was bombed and announced that it started like this and here When they ask when and where the first hostilities happened then I can say yes in the Donbass this is April 12, 2014 the capture of the city of Slavyansk by the Russian Mitists by the evidence of the shooters If you have others Yes
no one from the inhabitants of this Luhansk
Donetsk region can say
because they are
because the truth is for Ukraine They are for
Russia because Russia creates
all these conflicts of
neighbors around itself in order to prevent them from
developing and retain their power in
Russia, this criminal  clicks, therefore, the
only way
Russians will free you from this regime
is Realize that you are being deceived Realize
that you are being held as slaves and when you
realize this, you may start thinking how
to change it
Glory to Ukraine
Lugansk Donetsk Can
you tell me when
the war really started I am ready to call him
and we will have a real conversation to
figure it out help me find a person
from Luhansk Donetsk who will really
tell me about the fighting before the
invasion of Russian militants of
Girkin riflemen on April 12 I am open to a conversation
though  m to convey the truth